hey guys welcome back to my channel so
for today's video I thought it would be
kind of fun to show you my everyday
makeup routine not really because I
literally only wear mascara but this is
kind of the makeup I would do if I was
going somewhere that I kind of wanted to
dress up for I want to look better than
I usually do because at school I usually
don't look that good so yeah I'm just
gonna go ahead and hop right in and just
kind of talk to you guys while I do my
makeup so I put my hair up and we can
get started so the first thing I do
before I get into makeup
I use some moisturizer and this is the
skin active Garnier hydrating
moisturizer and usually when I wake up
and after I wash my face my face usually
gets kind of dry and stuff I try to do
this every morning I'll definitely do it
every time I put on like a lot of makeup
just for a nice base one thing to note
about all the makeup I have here it's
all pretty much just drugstore makeup I
don't buy makeup very often obviously
because I don't like do my makeup all
the time I love doing makeup but I just
don't have a large budget to buy super
high-end makeup if I don't even wear it
very often then I mean if I can get to
the point where companies will send me
stuff might as well just saved my money
you know
Haley does that will happen for a long
time but that would be nice I also like
hate foundation like I've never worn
foundation I just don't like the feeling
of it like the regular kind of
foundation I really like BB creams so
this is just the Maybelline New York
dream BB pure and I got the medium sheer
tint
no it just like makes everything nice
and uniform but it's not like super
sticky and gross I don't like the
feeling of having makeup on you know I
also don't use a Beauty Blender I know
that's like sacrilegious when it comes
to makeup when they came out and people
started using them I bought one I didn't
like it again because I don't really use
foundation it's just kind of like super
white so I'm just kind of blended in
with my hands I know like then the
beauty people that are watching this are
like dying on the inside and I'm sorry
I'm so excited for fall I'm excited for
to get a little bit cooler outside
because right now it is so hot it's like
mid-80s in like the middle of September
okay so after I do this BB cream I even
got my skin tones this looks disgusting
maybe kind of disgusting I don't really
have to use concealer very often because
my skin is pretty clear but when I do I
just use it out of this thing I wouldn't
recommend it it was probably like four
dollars on wish and I've had it from
years but yeah I don't really use it
anymore so I'd like to get like nicer
makeup stuff I probably asked for a
couple of makeup things for Christmas
but I really do like this powder there's
powder I've been using since a long time
when I started needing powder this is
the powder I got and I like it a lot
it's just the fit me and I just got the
translucent one because it just kind of
goes with everything I mean I could have
probably gotten one that were like me
like with tanner or whatever because I'm
not tan this is just the one I've always
gotten so that's easy to just remember
when I go to the store and don't have to
like worry that I'm getting one that's
too dark or light cuz it's kind of just
supposed to fit with my natural skin
tone this is actually my mom's and I
helped her pick it out but I think this
is like twelve dollars and it's just
like a pack there are a couple
highlighters and then for bronzers I
don't usually wear bronzer but can I
turn it out for homecoming and I really
liked it so I'm just gonna put this on
I'm taking the warmth bronzer because
it's like the lightest one and so it's
not gonna look super dark on me because
it wouldn't look good if it's super dark
because I'm not that tan I washed these
and they're still kind of wet which is
kind of gross so school school is going
well I'm a senior like most of you
probably know it's going well we're
still trying to figure stuff out with
all of our new teachers this is
literally like so anyway so that's kind
of like stressful because yeah there's
just a lot that you have to learn once
you have new teachers then this is just
a like highlighter in three blushes and
it's by Maybelline and it's the master
blush color and highlight kit I just
take like the lightest blush in here
it's just a nice peach color and I'll
just put that
put a lot on this brush and when I do
blush I like taking it over my nose it
likes a nice like warm sunburned look so
I do that and then I put some I miss
this in front of me like right there
forward I might be a little nice for you
guys you can see more of what I'm doing
that's better even like my heavy makeup
is like light makeup so after that I'm
just gonna take some highlighter it's
just from this I do do this like if I'm
gonna make myself look nice I never like
got really into it whenever it came out
like eyeliner is a big thing but I think
it does look pretty so I know this is
not the right brush but I'm just using
this one because it's what's right here
so another thing is I am planning to do
vlogmas this year I'm still trying to
figure out how much of a commitment I
want to do I think I want to put out try
to put out five vlogs a week or five
videos overall so like one on my main
channel for on my blog channel and then
do it in serum post every single day
it's a lot because I'm kind of going
from 0-60 because I've never blocked
during the holiday season like I've just
done videos I don't know it's really
stressful to think about like what all
I'd have to do and how much I'd have to
work on it including school and all the
different stuff that's going on because
my school wood is pretty heavy I there's
like not an option to like stagger
classes at my school it's just like
yearly classes so I don't know I think I
I really want to make a commitment to do
it though let me know if you would enjoy
that if you'd like me to do vlogmas i've
wanted to I think it would be so fun I
think it would be a really good way to
like kind of spice up the holiday season
and like I would excuse to do lots of
fun things these are the Ecotools
eyeshadow brushes and it's like four in
two and I really like them they do
everything I need them to so it works so
I'm going to show you kind of what I do
on the daily basis and how I like apply
my eyeshadow because I have a very
specific way of doing it so this is my
palette this is the only palette oh I
have a Mac palette which are used for a
very
a long time until I got this one the
fortune shadow palette by colour-pop and
they have some very pretty like neutral
tones and then some oranges and like
marine colors and a lot of sparkles
which is really nice because I got the
matte and then they've got the sparkly
so well I usually go for is this color
called wiser and then I also like to do
the Ricci color because I like going for
orange on my eyes because my eyes are
green and so putting orange on my
eyelids makes my eyes pop a lot so I'm
gonna do this so I put it on the outer
corner right here and kind of make a dot
and then I just draw like turn the brush
and I kind of like draw in my crease
right there like that and then I will
kind of bring it down and then bring it
under my lower lashline and so I
definitely like to blend it out I don't
like makeup that's like super heavy
makeup looks very like boom before you
put on mascara because I think mascara
brings everything together
alright so that's kind of what it looks
like for the first part it's just nice
and orange around my eyes okay and then
I go in with the next step which is the
lighter color so I use the other brush
this is more like the flatter one and
then I use the lightest color so in this
case it's been I will also sometimes use
if I want to make it even like lighter
I'll take Ben and then I'll also take
some translucent powder cuz it's more of
like almost a white and so I take that
and I put that right on my like lid so
when you look at my eyes there's ardian
naturally like light part which is like
right above my lashes like right here
and so on the actual like I would I will
put this and you'll kind of see what I
mean so I'll just put it there kind of
where it's already nice and lightened up
because the place that I didn't focus
the other eyeshadow on so I'll just go
ahead and do that so then after that I
just kind of take the spoolie brush
again not spoolie whatever this blending
brush and then I
kind of blend that out and then kind of
blend everything together after that's
done I only have one more set for my
eyeshadow and that's to get some kind of
sparkly color my favorite in this one it
depends on what makeup I'm doing but I
like the Oracle or the Stax ones like a
lighter gold and the other ones like
more harsh gold so just needing to get
there it's a nice balance between the
two and so this I just pull my eye like
this and I put it right in the inner
corner and then I'll just can I take the
brush and drag it and also the side that
I'm using for this is just like the very
small little rounded little brush and so
I just take that
it's literally so funny to think about
like the makeup tutorials that I would
do when I was like 12 I have videos of
myself doing makeup tutorials as well
another funny thing is that my dad is
the one who decides like who decided
like when we are allowed to wear what
makeup it was just funny because when I
was 12 I could only wear like clear
mascara lip gloss and blush and so I
kind of like put bronzer in that
category and then I would put the
bronzer on my eyelids because bronze are
almost the same thing as eyeshadow but
like it was still okay because it was
bronzer and not eyeshadow because I can
wear eyeshadow until I was 14 so I know
that's really confusing and kind of
probably like what the heck I've been
given it just like helped me not make a
fool of myself I guess and go in with
like the blue eye should I think the
main reasoning for waiting till I was a
certain age to wear certain makeup is
just because I dad wanted us to like was
nice and if we don't know how to do our
makeup then we weren't going to look at
this so giving us time to learn without
actually being allowed to wear it out
was I think pretty you know we pretty
good strategy okay so this is kind of
like what my eye shadow looks like
before I put any mascara on usually
after my eyeshadows done I'll go in with
this little spooley brush thing and so I
will just brush them upwards and I just
recently like really plucked my eyebrows
like way differently than I usually do
and I love it I think they look so much
better
I really like this one just like the way
it naturally Falls it the way I plucked
it I think it looks really nice so yeah
I'll just brush them up or not up like
in their natural direction so just
they're all going in the same kind of
straight way and then I don't leave them
like that because I know some people
like back brush them but I brush them
the way they grow and then I go on the
top and kind of like smooth it down and
then go on the side and smooth it down
like that and then I just do the same
thing on the other side all right the
next thing I do after this is to curl my
eyelashes I just use this eyelash curler
and I've had this for so so long but
because I wasn't allowed to wear mascara
until I was 14 I had to come up with
very strategic ways to like get the same
effect without actually using the
product so I would always curl my
eyelashes and then use either clear
mascara or like Vaseline or something
because of that I would try all
different kinds of eyelash curlers so
that I could get the best result so this
is the eyelash curler that I found that
has worked the best and once I found
this one I'm like never going back man
and you'll never guess where this is
France from the dollar store so I've had
this for no drug probably like at least
four years I can't remember the last one
I use like I've used this one for so
long I don't even know if they sell this
kind anymore but like if this weren't a
break I would not know what to do with
myself because I love it so much and no
other eyelash curler has ever come close
to this one another thing that I would
just go do is buy a ton of mascara oh my
gosh I have like I swear like 15
different bottles I don't know a new one
would come out and I would spend like
all my money on it and I'm like thinking
like once I was able to where I'm like I
love this stuff I need to find the
perfect one the one that I found out of
all of the different ones I've used that
I love the most is called L'Oreal Paris
voluminous mascara and carbon black and
this one I don't know what it is out of
all the different ones I've tried this
one is my favorite so last but not least
is my lip product where a while I was
using the it cosmetics Jennison
we know it's in a different language it
looks like this I'm pretty sure you can
get it at Ulta I got it for a Christmas
present and run those popper things this
one sadly it's like almost out though
like it literally has like tiny bit left
so I was trying to find a different lip
product to use before this ran out I've
seen people use Carmack's and aquaphor
and stuff and so I thought I'd try this
one because it comes in a really big
thing so I'm like if this works then
this will last me forever I tried it and
guys it is my favorite lip product I've
ever tried before
it's like chapstick but like a million
times better cuz you can feel it for so
long and it just stays on temporarily
protects and helps relieve chapped or
cracked skin and lips so it's kind of
like an all-in-one like if you need this
for your skin for your lips anyway it's
a multi-purpose product and I just love
it so much it makes your lips feel so
good so I just kind of put a little bit
out here and put on my finger enhances
your natural lips and how good they look
on their own I honestly I hate lip
products
I mean I guess I haven't tried any of
like higher end ones but the ones I have
tried I legitimately hate cuz you can
like feel them you're like you know if
you can like pull your lips and you can
feel look you know what I'm talking
about when you like this and your lips
like stick together and you have to like
pull them apart that's disgusting and I
hate that so this is like the opposite
of and it's just like makes you looks so
smooth and nice and I love it this is my
makeup and I think it looks really good
I love it
it enhances my natural features and yeah
so if I'm ever doing something that is
like fun and this is usually the makeup
that I will put on really love it I hope
this gave you guys some tips and ideas
on how you want to do your makeup
alright no I hope you just enjoyed the
video let me know if you want me to do
vlogmas if you'd watch it I'm trying to
decide the whole schedule for that and
what I want to do but if you want me to
do vlogmas then definitely let me know
down below because it'd be nice to know
that a lot of people are enjoying the
videos that I'm putting out cuz I'm
gonna have to spend so much time on it
it's gonna be really hard and it's gonna
be a big commitment so if I know that
people are enjoying it and really want
it to happen then that will give me more
motivation and drive to do that for you
guys I love you guys so much I really
hope you enjoyed this video I hope this
gave you some tips and tricks and ideas
don't cut your eyelashes off please it's
not a fun time I don't see you in next
week's video
[Music]